you
What are you doing?
Baoda crew
You deserve to die
It's the prison guard.
Jiangmen phalanx will help you shoot
I see who dares
Lord Li, this man defies the law
They beat up people in prison.
Unknown to shoot the restaurant on the spot
Hit your adult in the eye for free
You're going to shoot him?
How dare you!
Who told you to shoot him, but he flouted the law of the Great Xia King
The law of the Great Xia King was decided for him
But he also beat up the inmates in the prison.
He's a criminal. He deserves it.
He's still going to kill me
He's going to kill you, it's a blessing you've earned in your lifetimes
He said brother, you kneel and beg him to get out of prison
I guess you're right.
I'm going to kneel down and beg him
What's going on here?
Adults in higher and lower positions are blind to Mount Tai
You asked you to suffer for what happened just now.